Willow (objective & TC)

 By Graham Davis

** Note: this map supports detail textures. 
   To turn this on, type r_detailtextures 1 
   in the console.  This works only in Steam 
   and with newer graphics cards.
**

Special thanks to:
 
   - Svante "xerent" Ekholm for some
     of the bush and branch textures
   - "Dash" for the original sky, and
     Ben for updating it
   - Ben for the splash sprite and
     floodlight models
   - The testers and the rest of the 
     FA community for feedback


Gameplay Hints:

The map is twilight, so night vision goggles
might come in handy.  Also, the floodlights
distributed throughout the map can be shot
out if you wish to have more darkness for
stealth operations.  If a main objective
is capped, all the lights will turn back
on for the next round.  Otherwise, if a 
light is shot out, it won't turn back on.


Red team objective:

The Blue team is advancing on your base
from a nearby forested region.  Your only
hope of blocking their advancement is to
fire a missile at a key part of their 
path to block them off.  To do this, you must 
reach the Command Post setup at the large log,
grab the missile targetting pack and place 
it at blue's advance point.  Placing the 
missile target will trigger the 
launcher's 120 second countdown.  The Blue 
team will be trying to destroy your
launcher, so defending it is also an
important key to your success.  Controlling
the central Command Post will also increase
you chances of winning.


Blue team objective:

Your army is preparing a large scale attack
on a nearby base held by the Red team. Your
squad has been sent out first, with the
goal of destroying the Red team missile
launcher.  Your enemies will be trying to 
target your advance point so their launcher
can create a baracade of reckage. Your mission 
is to reach central Command Post to grab a
claymore mine, and use it to destroy the Red 
missile laucher at their base.  The Red team
is wary of an attack, so there will be
resistance throughout the area.  Controlling 
the Command Post will also give you an 
advantage over the enemy.


Scoring:

Each team receives 10 reinforcements, and 5 
kills when their objective is completed.
Capping the central Command Post will award 
your team 2 reinforcements, and every 30
seconds you hold this point, the enemy will
lose 1 reinforcement.



