Sweden (objective)

 By Graham Davis

** Note: this map supports detail textures. 
   To turn this on, type r_detailtextures 1 
   in the console.  This works only in Steam 
   and with newer graphics cards.
**

Special thanks to:
 
   - Ben for the tree model, howitzer
     model, reeds model, lamp model
     and splash sprite
   - The testers and the rest of the 
     FA community for feedback

Objective outlines:

Red Team:
- capture the ammo from near the city gates
  and bring it to the howitzer behind the
  cabin.  This will destroy the first gates
  to the city.
- capture the ammo again to destroy the
  inner gates and win the round.
- stop blue from capturing all 3 windmills
  and the searchlight (you can re-capture
  the windmills in any order to prevent
  them from capturing the final searchlight).

Blue Team:
- capture and control all 3 windmills to 
  route power to the coastal searchlight.
  You can capture the windmills in any
  order, but you must control all 3 to
  capture the searchlight.  Capturing the
  searchlight will win the round.
- prevent red from capturing the ammo 
  from near the city gates and bringing
  it to the howitzer behind the cabin.
  They must capture it twice to win the
  round.  Red can also re-capture 
  windmills, so try to prevent that as
  well.

Scoring:

Capturing a windmill (red or blue team) will 
award your team with 1 reinforcement.  Also, 
every 30 seconds a timer goes off, and for 
every windmill your team controls when the 
timer goes off, the other team will lose 1 
reinforcement.  So control of the windmills 
is important.  Red will receive 5 points 
and reinforcements for destroying the outer 
gates, and another 5 for destroying the inner 
gates.  Blue will receive an extra 7 points 
and reinforcements for turning on the 
searchlight.

Objective stories:

Red Team:
An unknown group has captured one of your
captains.  Intelligence shows that the
captors are holding your captain somewhere
in this neutral Swedish city.  Your 
squad has been sent ahead to destroy the
city gates so the rest of your support can 
advance and rescue the captain.  There is
a howitzer stationed near a countryside
cabin, but you will have to find ammo for
it near the city walls.  You will have to
capture the ammo and bring it to the howitzer
to fire at the city gates.  There are two
levels of gates, so you will have to do this
twice.  Also, the defense will be trying
to capture three windmills in the area, to
route power to the searchlight on the coast.
They plan to spot our incoming army ahead
of time with this searchlight.  You must stop
this plan.  Good luck soldiers!

Blue Team:
You have captured a spy attempting to steal
top secret information from your 
organisation.  There is an incoming squad
that will be trying to clear a way into
the city for their army's rescue attempt.
They will be trying to find ammo for the 
howitzer stationed near the countryside cabin.  
You must stop their attempts.  Also, you must
route power from all three windmills to the
coastal searchlight so we can spot their 
incoming army ahead of time.  You can capture 
the windmills in any order, but you must 
control all three before you can turn
on the searchlight.  They will be trying to stop
this plan, so be careful.  Good luck soldiers!



